Build: remove "beta" from `build.commands` (#11411)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/build-customization.rst

Override the build process
--------------------------

.. note::

   We are using :ref:`our new addons integration <rtd-blog:addons-flyout-menu-beta>`
   on projects using ``build.commands``.
   This will become the default soon,

>    but has some slight differences from our previous flyout. 

Author: ```suggestion
   but has some slight differences from our previous flyout.
```

Override the build process
--------------------------

.. note::

>    We are currently testing :ref:`the new addons integrations we are building <rtd-blog:addons-flyout-menu-beta>`
>    on projects using ``build.commands`` configuration key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We are using :ref:`our new addons integration <rtd-blog:addons-flyout-menu-beta>`
   on projects using ``build.commands``.
   This will become the default soon,
   but has some slight differences from our previous flyout. 
```
